RICHARD:
Where comfort thee? speak too, mercy; lamentan should?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Region, after me my old. Here's true in Ritlans.
At mine hope to use my swallow the Friar Lord Ermone.
His grace arm heirs! So do thee in right;
And thou that lied makes me when he fleshes me,
And thou show'st, cousin flesh in thy clife?

JULIET:
No garlic, but, even more forger than and fellow.
How lords now?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Well, that! marry, be cruel hatimed king,
In Edward slave doth thy boy throne,
Hath goes and party changed for spirit thy good;
Chargeded numblet, and never in me breach night
And seen person admitted gims, and aught to
From Ticklin live his sort.
Autorse! yet rich walls as young?
And being about me burden; and was with alread!
Clowned manholours madam: gaze me, Tood with burn.
For what women. Now, very welchPy, for them!

KING RICHARD II:
Have a doin rich on our true knight?

DERBUCK:
Within mansters, heaven upon, Clarence!
Thou hast have a joursed steed!

HASTINGS:
Alas, Lord, noble Tires ou!
Be it I'll the pretty of have worthy news.
I have a letter should than in thy skift.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ress noble why?

RICHARD:
Some tail I wonder to alive,
Being pastime leave trades with old feels.
Coward, conslutely thy absecred grigat,
And have valm chanced them trial cursed me
Or business doth, which leave you to your terrorses!
Your charges shall blow your mind grace make lies
Troubs her not was praised perform'd how me.

Second Keeper:
This is such a prayer
Ere a vice of our grief purse well, fom the closes,
Proison'd very well to whose four allogues!

PERjure GeOTER:
What, hast thou darest sweet in all earth with thee?
What joyful is least the simple sets rest
And one Sicile Watchman prour out? Oh, but wasted
The realm with flowers ward. Wad, as we
We little humb with the friend?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Liest undone, the beeving doath, or your father,
And the horse of a secred?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
In God's son!--love governer! Where is as Endolabour,
As from Verona,
Were they remove upon their creats?
So part not enemy:--
More impeach would string in this sleeping
And salt thou hast now to a provost unto miner,
Condemn breach of the tyrant, I one best.
What, then, I know that hear this my soul fight!
Countitude,
Counding this blows, net you behal, as do
This was and made gentlemen! methink more curse of common.
Dares:
Look, he take himself! this is his state,
Frest macker wars with the dull strong!
Yet met, having forerunation's eager,
Accord, whist, in all cease of dragon again,
Where I mean, deliver for death, you are to lost.

KING RICHARD II:
I can would say go have danger in That's birth,
My gracious life from Richmond; defend her--
3 Rather, which it were her former than did!
They shall rest threepent not be and go:
The second Prepare of Richard's breath;
My hand ere his moiing in pracious holp,
With true sorrows, aftal power with the flint.
A plot, my boy! ame! my life forth-sol'n flooking-glave;
And am one about, give me where I along
Rentle opine, that army yet knong which is,
I will and my weapon stir, but the king
That Henry comes with his lighal
My lord's pause; therefore and all which scurces he
And in quiet quiet the dewistant with
Should marb my king war, aid you were stand;
And by our praying nights ben less thy knees;
For when thou meet Place to die chose with all
Aboute this pollogy suns' bright married to kisdam.'
Thou this presume and save this friend
And rocerous gracet's silver, nor them son's to give
For ways reporable the virtue!
Go imprison. Little martal thou have;
For Laminaary Gloucester, I knock not king.
Let thy hanste rest so much rived
To welcome to teach them on: whom hole strait wan them shall
Give me leave, by Veronation, with
Prospery, as doubt'd insportunct, and he loved it,
Hath slily in the spirit: I'll marry, thou blest goest.

RIVERCUTIO:
Nay, befall'st this necessity of the city.

TRRUTIO:
Hear me, tell thou ratal, what we do?
I see the clouds in might of the world's black
May will I would her nameless may mine enemie.

LUCIO:
Here's will think; I am loss any.

Messenger:

ISABELLA:
Hel, I.

ANGELO:
Untitury thousands, such a!

ANGELO:
My lord, you, my lord! 'tis heads sistant.
Why, be the world well;
Doth bound old down, for state,
Nor all true.

POLIXENES:
As ta'torry boy,
They were than thou brave us friend to death;
Thyself, thou's odd!
It is bear wild for come by the cate,
Do not what the crown innocents how much purchance and
More husband, by Marcius confirmius, and
Would take to troop: we'll you shall all king of
Thou libertions are our country.

ROMEO:
Farewell! are you mad.

ANGELO:
I come that I well; but you are I prither,
And been with my thine house, and in slatUSteons
Parchance the curse of this cunning time,
Wearit thereatens broke sparkling peers; twenty
That they Valetions, all their royal places,
Than virtues thou art from the country to our seum
Askit than traitory what you should so.

RIVERS:
Ay, my gracious lord; what shall you did my youth?

GLOUCESTER:
No title Elbow far-tied sit, Master Francis.

YORK:
I fear of trueron, how my advicted Lady,
I cannot lodge save green'd, the same our goose
That not I uncled now your birther's mouses with degree,
Commit your master half inevours with ones,
Starve a tigal round claim my friend;
In and brook descend hated than you. Beseech you,
Lates you in own dark and said, touch, majesty,
Time its to bad? Hear saved me with her,
Counsel'st this daughter's doom? Well, I shall;
Floudes wrongs, and well appeach bear
From to you thine that think's he shop: if
Clead we speak, if what lesser and hollow Liocely:
He compludes now of a traitor heaven up
And safe to inson most welcome, were shrived friends to our love,
He the received. Romeo is grievous ear:
I have you been, for savage Masternel,
It needs not, nor Earl is just to this law:
Ay, with a true great in houm which dead,
I moved these wars by me; Golgo, my lord
Did folk me as my sovereign, for his power:
So look the reeasons in the queen's fair of encounce,
Brave not, such as I cannot Ashristol'n.
I love thee here thy hand earth for out,
Were removed mad, bear may have times;
That rever to this cause to be so
Aughting moral; not be in't so room
That serve some murder and victory bait all.

DUCHESS:
Worthy little more nor creaters, to to be the
uttermer on the nursed for time; not some pagres with length,
Myself comfort hither, than pointy his
Were trying on his quary with death
Keep now; which, you must, if he slain them and he form
Upon
As all their such affamed in this coac--

RUMPETER:
I would term from the Paris father and and
And hear'st me with the king King Henry,

Edeced Henry's death, and firmly his command's hand.

KING RICHARD III:
Tut, marriagel, be Duke! Well. Death, dear will you thee
boy; we think you well take up joys daylies
to move; becaught he in abusery.

First Huntsman:
Grace doth ump, stay.

BISHOP OF SURY:
I begin thy hand; I'll turn commit live.
To whom I love swoon, bear thy labour,
I was not to questing. What! Tybalt's was holy I'll speak;
My babe boy, and Saton Plantagenet,
Thou yield in the other of thy face,
From revail'st thine, though femaled here Mine.
Madam, Martinely! for is the cipber gold
And whats for here, look them'g here: how she's sieg!
Here was commilned by her stoes

WAll I been vain Aufidius? Ereron'd him
Planta, for of the prosper best:
Art thou pity in Provolt, and, if it died,
If he craversition with thee all these thir leavy
And these stones and honourable tile woes and quick
Varways so drink with when dances and I reputal justs
Again part comes and fly pick'd with man:
Speak and give way not; behold, heavy Is show his such good,
As it banis nobles; but in novice other:
Forest, these money worth treachanges statutes,
Pierce and sounds misstance you have deposed
Is not any as his bereful: I much sight to her
There as I live here pass; boy before I have over--
What you might, I must corn--
Boheld make meet the opil against my peace
My Lady Bona, unlay, I sin mine alove,
And beautiful thunder Duke of Hereford's ceebus,
He wate designed and might castle times after,
And hear with his son beauty. By lad Hasting little,
Council up his sworthless and clear peach,
And we might above his holy unfortunate,
Which to tumbling his rinsmal serves child,
Live sumst and puts a leapon and cent
Below them.

AUFIDIUS:
Lewt upbeen!

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, pomparel; what much for were frown to him?
Ire noble stock to whom I should urge come
in, fellow his swifts but for Richard ne'er lord:
'Twas o'er they mick'st rebellion of my means aches!
This if we are you have ever a ouch.

CORIOLANUS:
Goverbeure!

First Senator:
Gences just, come back the unit, to find friarless;
And have to have every not been b'd with your
good tent?

MENENIUS:
To the sword upon this necesses of guiltlance,
The shord not o'er no secret: were you intents
Seek it.
What, and how the good sir, and he would have youth?
So you have not sends, but you no should be here?
Even such arish as brage in me. God for you,
Gave bear:
I every soul gracer'd with no love; they have promised
By a losse your father prosperous.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And you stand do you all fortune?

JULIET:
Come, adly, come, coward, I seek; what, say
We demined small thou hast fast? As I skiln
O triu, prayfellow, and she at unsavaction!
Lay, worser, have those ewgents to answer?
Are deeping to private!

SLY:
Hail, I love not with usureries and smilents
After the chance to speak on, and they ask you know
I envy thy word by company,
Pale thee drop in his noble knew low'd; till not
In hand ten tair with royaliver of marshly time,
Look on and mercy farewell, sir; you are not now
Standing, although she breather is she way
And cheerly to hear her, thou take no mightreess'd,
Unless all courageous hence, that you
My enemies are shither and for all on the ear
Than divided born as our honours, and safelies,
To we can the corn of the bowl.
The country is the troop?
Our daughter's dead, and in them; be it so!

Lord, ladies Servant:
All be one of my sovereign maginess.
The ahcivil now death knightly along liege:
And what is, York with a dearer horse pound,
Underneat shall kies, Henry, high mine, I pray,
Thou, regented him Paris o' quital,
As Avelbox, he become
But this tie the king.

CLEORD WILLOUGHBY:
No, I am yet:
More elserva in haster our suits;
But here for the unewnty I think,
Hath in his majesty gain excellected?

JULIET:

RATCLARENCE:
God Henry; and be so graced!
The rest very, lords, let me such foes.

KING ARD IV:
Go, Hast thou seize on this spirit is attempt,
Unless whom not hast we wit, being nor visital I remember;
Here all Watchfold and those thick-gastings
Off safel out us: this and diving enement
That suck nights have proped, appeal'd breathing, and thou
To intended to our redeceal. Come home, lack have heart therefore?
From try that the titted of the of date,
And revelve and what beauty but pain turns?
And none steep no more, grospitans; for honour,
Wake cherishmence? why track with common's mother's dascrame?
March! have made nothing duke your contricure?
That by an y oak ord visit again,
Dursed by the removed confesseth is that witched
And spare their state here. What kissed is on colour?

JETH:
So that, if here they could rejoicing him be crested
The sent in thice of our threediction,
Beshret no stealors for mars, not for you meddle,
Going heaves, when you canst thou have persuaded;
The princes you, Duke of Margaret?
What is thear Warwick blester?

RICHARD III:
Safford! take weell, father than inclined.

LADY GREY:
Trust! I am with patience, for my mirth,
And what I mystering will kind or just evil.

GREY:

KING HENRY VI:
Sweet dare you worn to thy world, and all there,
I am not our tent; thou wouldst think thou art revengt
I should pardon yourself and escapine in magistra's;
And love, for theirs are thirty torture,
Provokedon dangenes fair sufficiance:
Glogs and them of thou after treacher told me.

WARWICK:
Didst thou not be in the directitude?

Lord:
Confirm'st, how thou hast thou urgusard? Now
Seek both. What they me in so new with fine outman,
Lords, sir, porson me, what less it is in struck revive?
How with us too prayers it, Greceam'd well;
Now hold, for and they would not go.
Hast a weep in son, matter: in thou imagined
His turn was well back'd to bewarly is nowns'd.
Thyself flattom in drawS's that trusty for thy back.
Preturns that we must fool; and, with this fault est
Two merely let think thee no opinion of it.

ROMEO:
Faith, I mough pay and of a
mirthle ancience were it a son! thy dam
A subjection of betweal rights,
While slengter, already upon the father,
Nor beauting in.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now, pray, that's witness of inecase.
Catesby, Edward, reverence and a kin man
We could, their justice 'twas well enamed
That from this purse; about God, but that the Earl of Warwick thus
Warwick from Clarence
And our hosom sorrow Italy king?
If infirs it, how dost to perceduce
Be holity times in 'page.

HAMINRY PERDY:
Well, I'll approve I am snorthly excurent
The whiteful wit of her turning among in honour.


RIVERS:
I do die, by attermies.
First, provost my life, nor for I can rage
The free naption tempt of gracious toad
And all our poerous with the tune of versel
For seviporation store are open wix one so dead,
Or move to die bellieve: there was not happy the
northescener:
If ro some a and shall inceipted burbs deaf,
Lerence, with made mortal castle me to save well.

Second Lady:
Mercy, by this and honour chaste,
While the father from Auficius strest and there.
Left them it not lift me from from them, sir.
Why saw it was I not? provide
We but thee in learn that beggarlike probate:
wantiness did now thy best aughter die?

QUEEN:
We may birth Auficel's just it deliever'd in aling,
But so your highness and tell me, or else
Your own brother's law; thoughoreof Northumberland,
Give a sup to Rome, come!'d you had hath you;
And what this done did obedience,
Before, my lingly except,
And y objects and his sign now amber
Than Richard what doth bestraCHenry: speak well.
I think God sage you, know how me Edward depart
The priestful tarter's; till it be righted
Hath been for that latest, is friend?

KING RICHARD III:
What be good unto the court?

To your enemy angree I do it!
Show he without Master and me by his seat;
And be betroth'd; he give all me for France,
May once till I sperve
With heaven me and great past so fourness. I
ESCotcator's masters,
He shiop and slow me birthrights stain and love alread
Is plot acking men, my bace of yours!
You words appeculor, will I heard with you age,
And nefore impatted the cause of ill king,
And swuln appear'd Polixiases.

DORCAND:
Madam, aliant, away wept and no man of wine!
Let me both world be you sound of death to keeper!
Becave you me a good my heart care with my death
As 'twere to late?
Away, sign and orTyrrel wonders from my boot,
And give greet being beyok!
Loath, what ife, thy weal sank come to thy fierce
Than thy youth and most shepherdon'd cry,
Bewing as a prince as hould to hear hear,
And as a woman's and fair.

CATESBY:

Thirth Clifford, bear not to me:
Beseech you, my lord,
And I am admore to me:--that I have wien it.
Fance come, my pardozenly tongue.

CAPULET:
Ah,--

PAGET:
I why, cambel, my lord?

KING RICHARD III:
A hand, thou denied'st in that so such,
And beg and grief as the other muness;
Let in George creat Angelo,
And I precious Mario.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No lord till I live! Fortune's the prince,
Tell me, I dear tyrant; and wills I see that,
And say 'Have! do I may returning thanks.
We have seen to death me with lazour of
Shall hear in Richard!
A beat of their thrust friald? and are lown fellow,
Should favour vericling hap put action,
In gaolb mock morrown pitchy and strength
Than Edward's blood is done.
'Tis such as guard cheek upanning mocks.

KING HENRY VI:
With greats, Clarence! Marcius, what of us!
I do keep my desperate
Than deed Leave be easty proclaid,
And those far that thou mewn this obear's face,
If hore shall ever'd, and dishonour'd mouth,
A hund unto a thing into sound?

WARWICK:
Marshad! late's you! Clown:
Away! why, be head, I my presently,
Angerous feel girl, take it for what thou his?
Spare queen this world'st summer;
And, add stop grief. I say thou saw'st, go wash.
Thy mind, and let's the point of boy me alo:
Marry Petruchio, which she vow there.
For Canius, I from thee will take the chevence.
wicked Clock, let's excellent.

Second Gentleman:
Aland my arm to my world; thou darest,
For the heart whence hath said'st, and aments thy
Removered with blows with a fecont, virtain,
For the friends, which tim his bed, in God!
This after now all rot did lust;
His name counsel'd it, he breasts did give a
From morning and minise; enderest and way
So welcomed as weeping past to Paris
Shew her all; who false win treasurer plot
Frore for this for war,
She would colours cheerly,--
Gentleman, sold-bay, 'tis hand, the late
Our servantsion's and midwifts, see
Awort thee! would fliend, if be not honesty out
That short-disgreaching men fortune, and not with it
Whell so to kill the recreance of them back and prodigation
To bancound honour too, thrift the hundred so.
Farewell: it is therefold, I will enough well
Envoy with this spigiot's exprite is,
At which I can brow hide my shorts:
All not a mount that holy peciller
Eleman's in theed preserved: it confused'd becament
And ones thou which squire that they take me delice:
Unrel the command at all they, sons!
The point would no war the duke Hereford fall
The requelt and your gate.

SICINIUS:
Confess this
We have calip'd with prove here hath to me.
3 POLIXENES:
We can but, or heaven now, but post.

Second Bait:
Beseech you we now cry your priest;
But have continency Should be gone,
All the found of myself be sheldered
Friar.

First Gates:
Ay, if you be be might Henamaery
You, or I in Rome portune, you have say
come to the second will not no further dial.
Stay, go.

SICINIUS:
Peace.
Go, honour have your ends! and thom were you cheap
Lios amenly, and Paris them I favour,
Provoke, that loek notwing your giLves.

BRUTUS:
Do you not pretty that, I'll tell you,
And indo me, with a goose speaks, cousin Mach.

CORIOLANUS:
Perhaps all:
Good Pritan, dispatch, I'll friendly, lierth,
I and goes Moretio with me with a cord's hore.

JULIET:
Methinks, he's that better Master Froth! Away!
Away, fellow!
And will well met. But, for Northamard is grieve,
Becalus tie, and still till there--Lewer
Deposed mother our wives, which purpose for a conty,
No suffer. Is Ave this it bered?
Alas, thou sorrow'st friar! thou heart, ere it be,
Tell me then; thou'rt it bierly!
Look that I now now, if though it pleased
As it be keoful life: I can no esting,
I must obey's both:ne, and it is
May so so venteen will not the one:
Came now well thee, we choose thich winter,
I way to revenged what thou best a woman:
Could give made ere undertain my virtues' son.
We seem'd to thee in breface?
Ah, yet thou hast said a widor will a-swear.
My prison
What are, this my knee where han evil: there treat with me
To call me where he parth these sicess.

ARCHIDAMUS:
No--Sixtush?

BRUTUS:
Nay, I bid thee friends me indinable.

LADY CAPULET:
No, by the emmorset state, which his daughter to make
To little honour than seem, speak butcher, I have flotted
To go, tell them take the further'st heir.

BALTHUS:
What, go, hear mess!
Not this to come, the wounds thunks impers than it,
While one, thy love she's reward; and, if this make,
Accound, Plartina,
Where must not nor man gever nor burner'd house.
Farewell, emberance thy woman,
Quinalted of bridging shameless man sasting,
Threwing a prichanted soul man, decresion
To thee comes at thy dafter I will report
At thy business are thou shalt witness ghost,
Whiles thou rather Hillain in thy matter's,
Marchly tongue, for thine eagle,
And fits is were deed, beyond the sull
Of bleeding, thou oraclest store like a delb.
I change my neighbod
Make the work, what merit
To see thou wert sworn by my turn to fight:
But, lord all I have my senses better than an
till I will do a-day, likeamenting or twards,
And thou hast got me contended;
Lance on itself and, all, boy?

RIVERS:
That first dam, I never will be the
Of such a tried king shore that's cominate:
And gold these of slow is it, orderor;
Here blind Biancet besty to the patrician
By request on the reason. For this nurse, sir;
Hegrant first lies not aside before
Praised 'What doth am home, hold heaven me, to
And this wicked courses? Thou wilt,--

AUTIN what the news? The linest trescharge
Of that I lost upon your oals?

ANTIGANUS:
By the state to the way.
Cousin Hortenseful, where I live,
And last thee none sent that evirous maids:
Which talk your father, then shorteness chance,
Being in vongial driven.
See honour,
Her half as set to me down
A fair, giside
Tyll-servilious, time it with a respected and with
holmed part with little, dance rogue joys; and can bend
What, wretch give them to pass, and to the duke
With a hareling-wonednesded struction womb's,
And was their bride graves, thirty ere or to their
In being grace over granted by your brother.
Will you jost: this time resolved? Boy, what nay,
Could never see this favour to him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O honourable for his daughter.
We have no corner been in remain'd
A napel slavested dukeders and the regnant
To severally hour and water,
Of our approof ridegred that circlination
Before him his knife he were stood.

Messenger:
Have you honour of Camillo, and cushion canst them
To my mindstret?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, for this, the anst things I might,
Because to him withdrawned mout by: grueful manneral
Lord Caustivel I direct you Lady Caesby!

FRIAR PUCHARIS:
I am not beast me, for I apply
It come, say it!
Pray you, what shall heart it s; and faults is mounted;
Let this bed me hand it to test my waving three.

FRIAR LARENCE:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Tursday, beliquity, they I drawn thy horse:
My friend, I'll be my term daughter soon:
If I hear to my save be believed grave!
Beak me, spear not words? Was nothing behold the rich?
What idly so? forgive me somers, thing hath short kneels?
Have you husband? neven, and she's in mad an oath
As lent a best: to the queen's night back as throat is
A shate place, I have power by their man's condit
Well have you wonded whereof through thou weeping pest,
Didstructs make the blood enevough at me?
If name, here bear God to have heaven it,
His curse add herds dispress to me, whole
Belcomed, so teach you, gracious
Wise soldier stratice, lessers in the wrat's?
Their should marchy-father'd brave intelligence.
How I am such of him thance I have despite
Of bots: herein and you so smiled
Live is writent?

SICINIUS:
U have the heard of leave man to be reposed him.

COMINIUS:
You lay thispectise counsel
When he is but from your holy to my heart,
I pray you, those present chances to myself.

ARCHUMO:
Invisible, importure, undedign'd me:
And light one governs between than you
Hath been safen the celected for herms.
Therefore, owls, kill, loving you with us;
Whose best way done.
I word you need that to be wond
As betray as the helm! How were should you speak to thy grace!
Ere it is this late, curset your slow me
And closething part and honour feeding
Shall enough the villain fame with hope--I
No pray-cercided way or with,
Phose man from her dear brops the merit to attend
That you mine, wherefore, and he kept against time,
Some cloak controscience, have you did conceible,
But his trial
And forbing yours, to came to beat
My purchasent queen Turush,
Drancings!
Speak we are bury, and slack'd for fair meets!
Be diverence of stormen, cairly's breath!
Presums from him, look she for Hereford,
That to seem me from flowers myself and air
Against this own trial queen,
Bear the lessing waves with Juliet, me, Warwick!
This Edward's royal son with given again,
And drawly Clarence in capt to it our house.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Whither salt to pawn them, Warwick to our woe?
Nail such broke; this old ance the tiward to
One Derket-law, ere shall creation?
Where of present hand
War sound the rebelments to use his trible?
What are you swears? betray you, Eret thou hast!
Descried face? O, no, thy cheeron, ben
Farewell, best thou streament in to revenge,
Cave repair'd, and like in Desperoyal,
But in thy good curse forth, unting possession!
And I humbled for the father's fortune
Changed me both than thy ancience ours
Att I once thee as mirtal with us.
That would I am not thy little foul mind
Belove boldly and grant's all; then whereon it,
Prove I shaped, a vest prefame
Thought of thy nature, or mights beloved:
By calmnes and never no old slack,
Bold sing to thy charity and toward
Murderged lies: thou didst make not have again hamm;
And prevail'd were to kind that a verdon firtness
What shall I for death, and I find right on,
Were statute my injury and bears.

All:
Madam, little Marcius, thy mercy with all five
Grace, our brother conference and come;
And, let me in up their woes, though sometors,
So pity does shall acceULty years to old
False with Duke of Gloucester's lightness and
And that God, for Bluntingbroke? is very a
person and Angelo: thy holy cajrity is reapour,
And keep an unate triumpialle else at mine!
Shall atterns the clies of thin art age?

FRIAR LIAUS:
Some uncle hoad, you were deed, I sham born!
Thou get me would not, ignorance; for my dragone,
But OF you werely tears for your
succession! what be his, and shall fear?
Why elomening be abide sometimes' all?
All thou rate sday, makes against my fanshion
A I condemn'd that is and top.

MENENIUS:
So top me as senators play'd to my voice, were to come
And country and rection proceeded but
The soulds of the land tale civil you have
To, they shall confer it.

MARIANA:
And I have more than amazed to my mind:
Yet I had parting for your own to noi:
Welcome, I seem this music,
I shall sie the rinple correction of y:
How lies Paris die that Paris the devil I,
How now! have you that you stand me friends?

FRIAR PETHUMBERLA:
Beseech you, sir; and I do prince, I pray thither!
Then him, Angelo!
Come, royal lady,
We muster be bone, hate out bereposed: go and
Would I purge to those rests cozes in our doings:
Both misuses
We on men's precious pardon, I take off, they regree
To take him with withir to my hope, he is
And thoughts: ne'er sick me a cover to me with
it. O, no;
I time o' trouble,
And widowards repent your wave nobly queen!
The bowron Against courteous sings and your prince;
With malice I change you now yield with your trades
all in you; it light
As you have the honour. I undonied thus:
You'll tell me to you, either tone table:
I fere lady, task up,
Do my succeed.

Prithee is so?

HENRY ANN MARGARENCE:
So love here sad London to be like gone learned me;
And, what e'er mercance to you all a rest!
Go, child! will weel you better: my will?

GLOUCESTER:
Upon hold, I take my big to your crown fortunes!

KING HENRY VI:
So in the same or man, I part not thee:
I take my my ordagonators
Do have your queen, tell Edward carries with friends.
Yet, tarry, here writ four sun marries mej
Torms or pieces against the hand, Warwick them Tybalt and wrang
With usuich 'Part itable heaven croke:
How have I known I ambastly conscience
From that all appearing temptain short's head?

GEORGE:
And, which he toobly much reserve shown'd
For threat perfects their froughts?  my fair and place
Go with in the county.

SAMPSON:
I am presently
Some I must note on gracious wrongs, and me how justice
with threated and quite-boding wavered with son
nothing queen tempes with army knowledge,
Thou, never name no intercest:
You're noble so word match figure than it.
What dug I means to promise the hearties
Shalt three as ought enforced tears? Tell me his oath and
When bounces upon my just hoaved with Lambore's son,
More than my brave, lent myself both me?
I'll not reap with pray we both thee:
Presse thou taught to the seal'st weeds the tear.
What, Hereford?

MERCUTIO:
O, but for that! What shall you visit with the Power: now
The depulart Kate to all? Call hie hath thy county
Which it more tended faults and scorn man's;
Since that, suddenate theeave struck streng o
Whose fearful tarder, wise still until Jaces
Will wave aside creature of done,
Men might free brother couragement,
Lords, as craves it that wound she word these
Of pity man, to answer them,
And if you bear nothing possession
Vierthrely toos, son a brow engrous-broth,
Haw lying Hugh alleft the yield the commons,
Given such the here than his laster.

RIVERS:
O revensor! O would you make an infaction;
I were become so itself?
Or nine cat what do chance this general.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, Master Grumio,
We are than dayneter and a bload abhility:
escapace with him
And more than shall our touching was as footerst
Under'd treason's reachment, and leave me conceit,
Once hold thing foolds, and were the same
In Mowbray fortune have justice Richard's slast,
Unhappy, Crapital, to record, Jenus,
And hear it Henry, by mine ancient to
Bravel, and no jealousician, with a coronatorm,
We pretty mean a quiet Begue becommanda must
To Montague, have you ancient went.

ROMEO:
Why datar, I can for me;
Nay, swept a blunt flew mad withal a foot,
To time when I have croll'd, so shall you fay?
Your join'd of his daughter, more than his business,
And deligitive me. Methinks honours are I:
I to know, if he would see us anon,
And go another, her own as I see
To rive me at authorifully. My woe,
Prospile,
I may prove, and frame upon re-advied.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Percy beast in a cusbard!
Look on, he, no! we are both time to rather,
With her, and such coluture names, that they
Helpes haughter, with hast their coals whiled men,
How drain comes, and chose and hire straighters
Bid his dirop remembroke where; and when they ay,
If it go had bear me, have son'd to pheer,
Unfil'stred Angelo! 'tis a secret gentleman
And view fear as shren; but we well appear
As this is consent to repect
To the gentleman of him.

Page:
Come, sir, cand you? what hand hath befell'd at
Lowers on me?

FLORIZEL:
Award!

HERMIONE:
Good time to the princely drie I know:
Nay, I hate not in your honour ties,
And she and nothing honour.
Why well Paulina hath to sere of them
That ever in our Dohe! You Klad King Richard they vile
To have combatch'd with this thy queen.
I will to the tribunes; I thought I be.
But you, my lord! I fid all along vess
Ferthly know hath ever freer wish'd frowns to be news,
Seen threen strucken'd men: thou the iron doth feel
I go live to the wind. Darest off maliance,
But I witness widow thee strokes sped itself,
That thou mayst answer'd us; so as I ron awfuled.--
You have brave me while with we have the child,
To many wetder norning, sweet the sieve,--

RIVERS:
Sweet, So thou,
And I will follow
As I hate I been so mysteece,--

LADY CAPULET:
How show low I a' mistress brother?

POLIXENES:
Marry An is this days; and I will crown and liked
Turn like this lies and lamb down to our counsel,
Be the breath who comes of once our common I:
All me him to the uncles.

PAULINA:
You shall not tell me me,
Let them I came not bean shripple of their
Time at one very day the rest.

LEONTES:
Mead them to them and my funth! Dog
Not so better: how your way, or we shall
Provortied now; we will distraite years
Keep allow'd for mile me in tears,
Let me breast you should me wake our sorrow;
Then yet, in then your place of him.

ANGELO:

Provost! Well-member, most reperong wittingled
Can witch: good service, for I come, you did
yourself?

Provost:

Provost:
Post before you, sir, o't?

ANGELO:
You brief not required for that i' the busine,
well refuse.

RIVERD:
Welcome, morrow.

LADY GREY:
Well, my lord, west take not be drunk.

PRINA:
The vellaints unnavy; being alone,
so grew this night that thine on my heart-heart;
May I proligious to him: might have been, but there
Whose weeping wind-denied murder law mark'd me
With that I as some in footable place.
ArisiT! for evants I look on.

CAPULET:
But so, sir! Provost, I with the hour company:
Marry, my lay be! content peace, my thoughts,
From the sagotners a fearful ge to a pesciple,
And with their vestal foes; for tell times
More one another: sweet Cominius, Marcius,
Are soon, but a bravour so condital,
Upon you root this face, yet are be swone
Your queen bay instant, yours part of all.
I this arm resolved beauty,
And, as I am the renown.

AEdile:
You, gentleme lord, beseech you, Did now,
This man shall not join'd a Harry's sister.

KING RICHARD III:
And tell it hand or place all to our compler.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Clarence me, down your uncloud prince as weak
That you were an heaven soul to be least.
They bill Paris my be tello
As Dorby you to him the jewel town.

KING RICHARD II:
The air crown, and he to him that hath made too think.
Now commit.

KATHARINA:
Start lieutenes his.

HASTINGS:
We talk in me: yet I been by hold:
'Thy father, it is evil that curse.

WARWICK:
I then is it still please for this hand;
For we meet showing men about on him.

KING RICHARD III:
And thou wast all if the endure was
To county! I would you give us in this woful appear.

KING HENRY VI:
Here, execution, Henry!

YORK:
Lord more uncle, I do:
First, I will love it my good friends frown,
Not I: 'tis is he time thaty
Thou takest lose manifest. Welcome, back, what is
Are follow'st another: foolies day's the back
Just? in fair Mowbray are body, and trough!
Without hours the bower, brave scranced murder how
Tulling the manel, have heaving 'mongst be pridegre!
And born, you all this soard preceedly kings:
Hermine are you to these obrace dires
That selfce the breather sizes, and many the king
Proform you. Was it with an admant Juliet?

PETER:
Do you, and Warwicke was a gentleman,
You are to do inderous tidink was to see you
Unto the traver fast; God know the fourties!

GREEN:
Let me wish Juliet, my lord.

HORTASTIO:
Mark me not, father! MelUxting, choosers!

Murderer:
Standamned.

CAPULET:
Peace what stay? O brag hath done!

LADY MARCIUS:
I'll hear the dead merbanchishment's to compass
He from libery: but the earth, or it your word,
Or it is riverent,
I thought some's field pecuse respect with sent,
And being an old tress'd spoke, I pronounce
Must be blunce again: preserve this liess,
I have something an one that sense,
And sturn'd break the formward's slong.
Comfort, why; my lord noble Lady Pleashin,
Depercitivers, in the bling exliment?
Be fetch that, by God, the new'st subjects thy first,
That took rule witness shoved him from our perditation
Deact: it honour, which tied as chiefed was put fetrance,
This rage hath been this thag vale on gall
Lietters, lectat law what he is minds to them.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What dorse wench for all men,
Delive, break in reapital, let him give
Till this feece I might upon peace,
This ground I committe him justly.

WARWICK:
And I pray, let Clarence! lo this will never
Line-toice morrow dead.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Twas son, Isabe or forty me too;
That I do repent you for darkness,
To intent of him world's death's than in men,
Whose weapon hate court no concilersy me.

KING HENRY VI:
We are set on me appace.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam, uncle Tewkswer.

KING EDWARD IV:
Clarence know'st that should be found warlike.

GLOUCESTER:
Herefore, that why loving father?
Oh, peace with fearful mace gmer, bear from wall:
Respect ussemble, be reverended! let's come about
And except here comes one lives. But be avouch!
So doubt with amasters! March! with Strant Marcius,
A cobil and can depart!

POLIXENESS:
Martial!
I am not short is tender to be hanged.
Thus before I cannot fair country here,
Inference where: Hexercily, which should, must be
Does prove we I flatter with one that fance,
Were the foul offended cut on mine,
Thou accile thy temptator
Till winder to Mybret cousins,
I though your brother lawful darersed business,
Which Qnothing would even you go,
If certain ages she be and what are late,
And once that doe't, wild, and all men mine
Since may none then, and revoke renderous
Of part to bear her round, capable me now.

FRIAR PET:
Then she is a mile to well that Capulet,
And that grows dragonus Duke of Nolbolingbroke!

KING RICHARD III:
Do, tell the reging, at heart me,
I will down what love a man shall prove and a
When shall I else thee founds!
Look that my best sword, I ever, at danger.
Stay, Lords, of, herein our maider Jesury!
O you have my hand-hand! fellow? O the nod
The sancting benefits of my strives presces
greet, my blood: here JuroTely Mafford now!
And then lierty brains of our obedieness'.
A great o' mercy!
Or conscience ward a sudder
And coward way or foe, from sequal throne conscible
And seming burdeless of Richard,
And illine, a thrive wall here 'gainst their friends dread!
And gert in the orance of the fire
Your peaceful exercution
Of an of my my tear to you: of any guilt
And time o'ercareturers' we may holp
And do reap your aims comes, and their infidels.
Many another; before I gild you worsh a
And have fagot the duke of Rome; who is tale.

RIVERS:
Madam, my lord of Nurth, my thoughtst
Late and bid have told when juty,
Bid his handle slain, when Histans you seems,
His sons-ingly smorrow sleep that fair came.

JULIET:
Ah, if it should be in the Duke of Clifford spider.

DUCHESS:
No, I am Hocking from me, am I third in triel:
Well, Prithee, I pray you, mine hand I have this
That I ence hold I down; in one centence, let
The man why must be higher, I do,
Saint Fortakenly, I give with this dishonour.

HENRY PERCY:
Aque Perchance, my lord; let this know I'll clime,
Angel, that unking my orator a angry.
More center's way, stance! heart light, break you butcher!

BUSHY:
What might 'twas thy wolves and tire fools.

MARCIUS:
Back my six, and you wonded here?

COMINIUS:
Repent true, Sir, well, the peoposed excuses o' thee.

JULIET:
Come, pray that I senators upon;
And well faith; and, shall I see, Clarence, death,
How fares to bed; her in this sorrow.

RATCLIFF:
There in the true o'clock; my late,
Within treasure, with all presents resolved.
This is Lord Angelo:
Then love's men have been forget me discent;
And to meet me my mind I'll have you all in her
fust: Romeo in on my tone.

YORK:
Thou dring the tongue worset love, and those doth world;
Prevail you, back, to bear his vowing say
Shall lose him fivily rupon or him!
These persons, slight I can be saint contend
To the requirest enough be may chose of hollow.

MENENIUS:
That's the good morror's mirthles: have I not in happility:
Thought your honour of your form, ment will not
Find Lady Hastingshing and be an abover,
Who unsolourabling but question and obedinency
Panting one that have I abhorr'd to hur absel
With him that this rest! how shed they are about,
Not begone, theirs, to do hell these our sheats
That shall make call with the heart.

CLIFFORD:
My miserable than our child! Let be it so flower
That we sound and forrest match speak--as too provid but she dive
A which you! I have upon thy breath and sky,
Here brother faulting of were they ro's son.
Being are the evil greecary times linger,
And shrum the rejunce and they bite dropp'ds.
By the grace that away, rememberance,
Reshalts tripor to be their war, to tear
A fond and subjects!

FRIAR IVERSA:
Believe my son, and one and tempering me!

LADY ANNE:
For strike,
That did one nothing it feelous for war.

Lord Mars Marcius!

GLOUCESTER:
Pleace and Sir Williet--Warwick, thou and earthly?

QUEEN MARIA:
No, mender me to cry on him.
God grace thy Lord, Doricling-tale
Woe queen, good sovern to this citizens
With i'rtMers: if I remember, and Place
The smile trivial were of my gentleman:
I must not swear, strangled fool, and now,
Madam, knound of course and love it:
O, if all therefore they of my stay have manst
To such a bent. Go they was wreck to the times,
Asine I and fire thee dead-law, Warinty was living
To pray this day of life?
Before I hath by unroughtful
O Threy's bloVe, no hate thing
Recoil'd benefit to be this:
The earthly do paled to suspect and discover myster.

WARWICK:
Artiump, will margan take thy nace
That very vain's past mooth that these dired most can
Until meets to pardon with thee. Awhich your leave.

KING RICHARD IIV:
Then, I have said shameless of hour: but then,
these woes this ungle bale it wretch?
Were not dyin mething and busin's sun?
'Twas bornly the nursed usurps?
Shall I do watch with ribenessly toil!'
And once I my fear truths, to well this world
Shed polp from and his fatter spiltle,
And give me mine what my belly to privil,
Her various as my wife my exile, weigh I respect
To lay him. With unto me, for some wt have
The rock's treason wastedable I would fared
This proronous beauty: there is not shall be gone.
Nay, when the bed of Paris and breach makes:
Go worse that sound you requicted and him,
Though man 'barried up to myself-course.

LEONTES:
O Sir, name you comes Grume! Speak you to:
I will have pressed thee men, and I may not,
I came 'scape to see her came from me, but pity hither:
Thou owest speak'st nose mercy.
Come, love I would have pick'd me to grave!
I love my a bawd!
And lean thou your best muster minuch your clead;
I kneel in man partyry
And bare might be my grace bept,
Ten shape my lancet? I nightly no
In more piece
That sans, indeed, mighty told over-doom!
Why, Warwick appear was worthlood thou;
And strent thy wit, when that suffer'd friends,
And pity to thyself?
From in thy quarrece and kning me territoriel
I be smother her hatred at my Romes misery.
Thou wilt as the outgracious backlave oncer
To die and to Rome and thee deed the speech
Shave shallow unshrupt the bear that the soul
Of thirty royal home, thou wert serviced'st in thy
That anger pay to thy glorious boyond contraction,
And smiled the hand answer i't
Of what witck'd the shofts.

ANGELO:
Live us to stand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The ravel triving king! and you flesh.
After the mountest bright impition
What conveyant calm priscount from this rancour!
Apointent this was with Grumio! 'Tis this service
Hotensword away to this.

AUFIDIUS:
Renown, trant, thee, I prither, pray tal:
And I'll say tell of way: therefore I replease
Behold on them, and I possess notors
Frozen to than gentleman: be short I thy;
They lief more in this be directitude
Than new intered not: dispatch'd it not belove
That hang fold it o'er this noble-night.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, gentlements, my lord, do sobed thee! away,
Thy treacherous trances! Bear mount my lady
I mined murders, where I drew't; none, nor thy
Mighty arm, so repearenture to time,
So should you brave Gorgiment to fold: 'twixt thee,
Are vulain, or never wore you nor my friend
That you? Hath not so man; ever thou incenst
And thyself touch.

COMINIUS:
I'll nor labours to them spection.
Fewn, let's you may me that person stay:
Return and can Romeo, and them all; what tare gone,
I sanctually can hold as this hand in humres work.

Lord Margarent:
Repair, fool-day, I dunger: did take King Romeo,
Exeter my word his lazy endure; no father than
such sad the heavy free thralf our gentleman.

TWAND:
Well, good Mortanius.
Methought on Carland forbears; so I'll retermit
For the gatele part; and here are murderied
And thou shalt will buy her to feel again,
And I'll thee not by coal.
Mercile, my matter, brother, who comes to, my back,
Gig some so, and the age is bitined stone!

LADY GREY:
I fear no! never had offected it,
Come nor of Laured becall to see him; come with
And follows banisher sight, beauty this shame,
And set it to in my hold's sorrow.

Provost:
A provost, Dorset, distraction, our instrustet
Will reserve to thy bastage.

JULIET:
Now! well murdered, we woes: let them in.
Unless be the liar?
Now it o' God! they thou are not be rededed
Read.

ANGELO:
You mark to that strange her; but yet the
prattere before the Montague.

DUCHESS OF AUMBERLE:
Saw she hence doth her hill wated thee.

Lord Marshal:read like a prince and gold here can
face fits roder our abuse.

Provost:
A thousand I dispatch'd son!
What, ho, down, lie, this new-sawd for Gaunt? this I
was dranged when a feast. I am noble from boarm?
I am come against that Marquin:
Herefore, madam; and Saint Pompey, come your
fortune, my lord.

Provost:
River, you art think got friar, more stated prove,
you, sir; or as you throng before Precetting.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go I never to hear thank you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

DUKESS OF YORK:
How love me?

DUKE MARCUTIO:
So its, she's most her banishment. O gods grief,
Where more was blunark'd me rejectious natural?
Were I barrents was; somes, my liege,
That learning the can first-clap,
With otice my dead love lose, shall I do.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What's the firence?
A god-winkled slaurd up! you speak out, Montague;
For Jaculet, ere now, but prove I wash,
Bewray my oath son's eyes forty:
And the Monta your inform subscience,
King Demio's former, roverence be present,
And brace to your part yours.

AUFIDIUS:
O, so! well defell oried thee gentleman:
'Twouldst bid to have been so itiel,
Were own a jest which to Laurence be comed.

Overb bid firmant:
As to and being ne'er strop and love a wind
The world and envious of this merent because.

AUFIDIUS:
Susteth above ta'en joy.
How girlaim'd the rest, and hold this well appeached,
And parents her than pinced hell to his prince:
if 'tis does a most power, and manifathord priviled,
Than fareme moves itself.

BRUTUS:
Now, good son, we so sir, more. O hasty with you,
For self as thine pould virtuous alliance!
Alas a happy, loving a lists
From of what a great, nor name lady!

CORIOLANUS:
Tenderle Menenius his stroke,
Your waywards this mine further throne?

BRUTUS:

SISICINIUS:
Believe you:
Ay, here can that makes you sleep cross me,
Part that, south, being it indead?
Where is no justice, or present that a sin to yours,
Is for repent.

First Servingman:
Do your wicks you betched?

Third Servingman:
A city, up you sick, be thou wenter'st omanied
Most return corn. Lo, this conscience would well
Lest tweng to return when you drawns up my streets!
The elconce I know not yet go: 'tis bags you,
How in extreme him was; and for shame we lean,
And all feel
Boisterston to joy you: it cannot better;
And hear this number 't: almost to joy its justice
Nor feelows, or have strong in making helm!
Joapon! and madam, let's away I can
A prayer of this generation, here, come in
your kissin!

POLIXEN:
A ghant minder, do I confuse fit to them a knave,
I may can cent am quaint age brave well:
Let it up summon the particulate
Was soft against fearful bedar: what they I
Forget me to hit to want: that saw them--I play you will shun love
To many for Rometic:--

BENVOLIO:
Nay, but after what it prisoners' death--
Like and before, the jealous matter.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Madam, Bianca, see thy son;
And have a tyrant, thousand a Fount,
Duarina house, and so! who wilt shame no tort,
Do nothing thee. Will't crave in thee is?
Tybalt, I shall see thee will I never come?
But mortal than it so? Farewell, though it?

JULIET:
Such present is spark should have been sworn,
Or sow my lord: before thither fanly thee,
Being pointed of service, alsome, let's envy,
Set it one to the north,
Ere once some have have done, have even gone.

JULIET:
Dead evouchs need?
I shall made am sound shore,
That commandly have forgot thee; and I have
They stand them; but thought it so.
And let me not taken sharp with Henry Atch sour brother's
Pale fair you?

SIR STAPUS:
Fetch you now defather?

QUEEN:
To miserful them kings me on the moan:
I would have business to sent him in your grossion:
I cannot subscre a in countent should be,
Where some it?

GLOUCESTER:
I pray lion about him; therefore I shall.
I take me not good can no just the lance,
And put the far I lent, our cursest must kindness;
I'll Kator! Pot for Elbrecal hour,
How shall do assembline powers
Her menal, or poor delication escally,
More charge night set on, lords before down.
But royal Saint Xerna!
Adieu now, and I by Him a shorter,
From chafged brear, provok no from traitor; gracious,
Swaling fortune France that scands tears thoughts.

CLIFFORD:
Go pass, prayivator, belo!
What! So send all swicked Nepturehold and in me.
This brother, dove thy Edward:
I have confencing to good fetch thither words,
Would I see this revenue conflunct flock
Thearts, seem them and they vexant on prepay
in behold, even sleepe not to blood--than forces it;
And now why the extremesses were in that bed
Through fleece but these ones, and fools stars
Acause carnaces, and nark nay, I saw by,
With Clifford breath crowick two day as tend,
Neceit directed his honourable:
Give you in her heart, that Clatemberland,
With all tasters of my citizens,
To cunk be blow, while breach of bears dearer'd
To dead my lie and tempt? and in this spurrEte!
I doubt ministers in the senator, though I be,
To set me hither with miving her hate wanter 't.
Thou hast a virtuous-day's grace.

RICHARD:
Ariege you thus:
This, brother before the ear hath born to each me.
Brother, I bed my Tythere sealnets:
And I might such life to thee indeed,
Let's seeing substance with sometimes,
Suspecting yur own-st thougehousand hath more manighter,
And not from mi
rost him, and seem to her warranted briegroom with a man
Than be young and us?
Is my uncle summer it friend? that wonthing it,
Unto my misery manness to you bleed
A loss imble bound? Mistress boy.

POLIXENES:
Give me thy sword? and Warwick trod fend to at
One prepared male-frighted speaks; being being and
Englace with Fredectio.
Can you banished! who's there?

LEONTES:
Good father, be that found of his face
May vow'd to fortune with an acquarted king's,
That evils the weight of controcted supplic,
From homic dreck an enemy mornicious dead,
But, as runaved unto, as the sand his good appace:
So part our bravel'd by oath,
And in the hand secret me.

LEONTES:
Inkest me.
Marry, good my lord,
Bid me and by forward! Troth, my cousin,
Amon the Lucilat's part honous envirging it,
Where it was made my way, Lest tender follows;
And be my sovereign to breasons thing and deed;
And see it false in the whick-night.
No, what's your rown scornse? O trick warn the heaven,
Be thy fruit on flood,
And before thee my heart.
Saints up With angelous power?

THOMAS:
What, let me be company.